it's blatantly obvious she started to
move now blatantly obvious you can see
the color as she moves I mean I don't
know how she's going to catch anything
because that's so obvious even to us
this could be Marc's chance to film a
hunt but were the caller handicap a
predator that relies on camouflage
well a leopard seen a small group of
mark or below her and she's trying to
work out the best way to get to them as
far as I can see amazing
exactly where we filmed it before this
is the point where she blows it which he
usually does or she actually makes the
kill
this is amazing or what it's incredible
what what I really need is for you to
tell me how close my call are to her
they're about 50 meters or less the
markers coming running right here oh
yeah we're good to go
yeah moving yeah yeah getting ready good
this is about 25 meters 20 meters
for five of the Marquart coming the same
way are they moving toward her yes not
more than 15 meters coming closer now
that one's right below her little ones
are coming in now she's 5 meters not
more
here she comes she's coming up the rise
she's like 3 4 meters from her here we
go oh god damn you they're going she
blew it
she blew it aah she seemed really slow
yeah
she's off again my thought haven't
really gone very far there just the
other side it's a still wonder she's
looking at something she's definitely
looking at something there's a mark or
just down here between the trees this
time she's got a better perch
yeah she goes
oh this is deja boo' my friend like good
another Marco that's gone in the water
wow what is going on coloring a wild
Snow Leopard is a remarkable
breakthrough for science but it leaves
Nyssa with mixed feelings seeing her
doesn't make me feel good
not a good feeling and the starting to
see her but I'm sad to see her this way